update readme (#7)
braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk: README.md

Explore our [examples project](/Examples) which showcases multiple features' integrations.

## `appboy-ios-sdk`

> The `appboy-ios-sdk` (Objective-C) SDK is now in maintenance mode, which means only critical bug fixes, and security updates will be made. No new features or minor bug fixes will be added to that library. 

Author: ```suggestion
The [`appboy-ios-sdk`](https://github.com/Appboy/appboy-ios-sdk) (Objective-C) SDK is in maintenance mode, which means only critical bug fixes, and security updates will be made. No new features or minor bug fixes will be added to that library. 
```
